For project 3:
1. As a rider I want to have a driver ratings function so that I can choose dependable drivers.
2. As a user I want a website that shows my personal information only when needed so I can protect my privacy.
3. As a rider I want a real-time capacity update so I can know if there are still space on the ride I want to join.
4. As a user I want a deposit feature so that my reserved driver/rider will honor the agreement.
5. As a user I want a search feature so I can navigate easily to the rides I want.
6. As a user I want a upcoming trips feature to remind me of my reserved rides.
7. As a driver I want a pick-up location field in ride reservation so that I know where to pick up my riders.
8. As a rider I want a filter feature so that I can focus on the rides that are relevant to me. 
9. As a driver I want to be able to update my information.
10. As a rider I want to be able to place ride request.

For project 4:
1. As a user I want to have a registration function so I can register as an user.
2. As a user I want to have a log in function so that I can log in to use the site.
3. As a user I want an authenticator function so I can use the site securely.
4. As a rider I want a list of available rides so I can choose the ones that I need.
5. As a driver I want a create rides function so that I can post new rides.
6. As a user I want to have a logoff function so that I have the choice to stay logged in or not.

Project 5:
1. As a rider I want to have a search ride function to choose rides relevant to me.
2. As a driver I want to make my posts readily available so that it can be picked up by riders.
3. As a rider I want to have a search function that is relatively fast so I can search efficiently.
4. As a user I want an app with high availability so I can always have some rides to choose from.
5. As a rider I want the search results to contain relevant information so that I can identify them easily.
6. As a rider I want a well-ranked search function so that the most suitable rides are presented first.
